## September 7

### Attendees

* [Julen](https://github.com/julen) (Evernote)
* [Leandro](https://github.com/unho) (Translate House)
* [Ryan](https://github.com/phlax) (Translate House)
* [Taras](https://github.com/ta2-1) (Translate House)


### Triaging

* Not many new issues to review this week.
* Taras is working on `UnitSource` React component which will probably be ready
  by the end of the week.
  ([#5202](https://github.com/translate/pootle/pull/5202)).


### Pootle data
* There are still a lot of potential optimizations
  ([#5190](https://github.com/translate/pootle/pull/5190)).
* Virtual folders query count will considerably go down
  ([#5187](https://github.com/translate/pootle/pull/5187)).
* The accumulated WIP PRs will start to be merged as soon as the main blocker
  ones get merged.
  * One of these might have performance penalties
    ([#5175](https://github.com/translate/pootle/pull/5175)), but the next one
    will considerably improve that
    ([#5161](https://github.com/translate/pootle/pull/5161)).


### Next triage meeting

Wednesday, 14th of September, 12 UTC.

----

Please feel free to discuss these notes in the 
[corresponding PR](https://github.com/translate/core-notes/pull/15).
